All right here we go for the next step of the general framework which is always the same step that you
have to do when building the environments after initializing all your variables.
It is to make a method that updates the environment right after the plays in action.
And so again I highlighted the whole structure inside this method that by the way I called a date and
for date environment and remember all the section's titles in capital letters are the steps of the general
AI framework which you have to follow for whatever environment you're building to solve whatever business
problem with an AI and the titles and minimal is are only for our specific case study.
Okay.
And so speaking of our general AI framework.
Well let's see what these next gen steps are.
Well when I'm dating the environment right after the plays in action what you will always do first is
get the reward then get the next date then get whether the game is over.
And then scale the next date and return the next date.
The reward and whether the game is over.
These are the next steps of the general AI framework when updating the environment which you have to
do right after introducing and initializing all the variables and parameters of your environment.
And so now let's take care of the first step getting the reward.
And now we're back into our specific case study because indeed to get the reward since the reward was
defined remember by the difference between the energy spent by the surface cooling system when there
is no AI and the energy spent by the AI when we had the AI Well here we go the first step would be indeed
to compute the energy spent by the surface cooling system when there is no AI then we'll be able to
get the reward.
And finally we'll scale the reward as it is recommended to do in several research papers of deep reinforcement
learning.
All right.
And before we tackle the first step here well let me explain the arguments that are entered here and
this update function.
Well the first argument is self of course because we are going to use many variables of the object.
Then the second variable is the direction which is the direction of temperature change that our AI causes
onto the server.
So this will be equal to one if the AI heats up the server and equal to minus one.
If the AI cools down the server.
And that at a specific iteration then the next argument is of course the energy spent by the AI right
after it plays the action and the last argument is the month we are in right now at that specific iteration.
And now some of you might be wondering hey but Halcombe do we already have the energy spent by the AI
and the direction of temperature change.
That's because you have to understand that this update function is a function that will update the environment
after the plays in action and after the AI plays an action will obviously we already have the energy
spent by the ear and the direction.
So you have to understand that we don't play the action inside this update function.
We will play it at some point during the training.
You know during each iteration of the training after which we'll get the energy spent by the AI because
as soon as the AI AI plays an action it spends some energy onto the server and therefore will get the
direction of usefully because we'll know if it's action heated up the environment or cooled it down.
All right so that's the important thing to understand here and now that we all understand.
Let's take care of the first step getting the reward and to do that.
Well of course for us we have to compute the energy spent in this separate simulation when we have no
AI energy spent by this alternative system that is the servers integrated cooling system.
When indeed we have no AI.
And that's why right now I'm going to initialize a new variable which is going to be the energy spent
by this alternative cooling system when there is no AI and you have to understand that this is not a
variable of the object.
Why is that.
Because we will only use this very well inside this update method.
And that's the energy spent by the service cooling system.
That is when we have no AI at that specific iteration.
When we were updating the environment at a specific minute.
All right.
And so this energy no.
Well first we'll have to initialize it and we'll initialize it to zero and then that's where we will
compute it exactly you know get it's right value at this specific time.
You know you have to understand that we're applying this update function at each iteration that is at
each minute.
Therefore each minute the service cooling system is going to apply some energy to change the temperature
of the server and bring it back to the optimal range of temperature.
And therefore what we have to do right now is consider two conditions.
First if the temperature of this or when we have no AI is below the optimal range of temperature which
negates the service cooling system we'll have to bring it back up to the lower bound of optimal range
of temperature.
And the other condition if the temperature of the server when we have no AI is above the optimal range
of temperature which indicates a surface cooling system will have to bring it back down to the upper
bound of the optimal range of temperature.
All right so that's how we'll get the energy spent by this alternative system when we have no AI and
therefore let's make these two conditions starting with the first one.
If the temperature of the server.
When we have no AI that is self that temperature no AI.
Well if that temperature is lower than the lower bound of the optimal range of temperature which will
get things to our self that optimal temperature which is a variable of our object but of which will
have to take the lower bound which hasn't x zero.
So if the temperature of this or when we have no AI is below the lower amount of optimal range of temperature
well what will happen in that case the energy spent by this alternative system when we have no AI will
be equal to the difference between self that optimal temperature that is the lower bound of the optimal
range of temperature minus.
Of course this lower temperature self that temperature.
No.
Because right now it is below that lower amount of temperature.
And remember that assumption too says that the energy spent by any system whether it is AA or this alternative
system is equal to the absolute value of the temperature change cursed onto the surface.
And therefore here since the temperature of the Saroo when we have no AI is lower than the lower bound
of the optimal range of temperature well the absolute value is exactly the difference.
All right that's the energy spent when we have no AI.
And now still in that same condition we'll of course have to update the temperature of the server and
the separate simulation when we have no AI.
Right after this alternative system spends its energy to change the temperature of the server.
So we'll have to get the temperature and that variable for that temperature is self that temperature
no AI and therefore here just below.
I'm going to update that temperature saying that it is now equal to that lower bound up some more range
of temperature because indeed this alternative system just brought it back up to the lower bound of
optimal temperature.
All right perfect.
And now let's take care of the second condition which is if this time the temperature of the server
when we have no AI is this time larger than not the lower bound but the upper bound of the optimal range
of temperature.
So I'm going to base that here and replace of course zero by the upper bound which has index one.
All right.
So if the temperature of this or when we have no AI is above the upper bound of the optimal range of
temperature well what will happen in that case will same we'll have to compute the energy spent when
we have no AI and get the new temperature after the energy spent to regulate the temperature of the
server.
And so I'm going to take again.
Well this new variable here energy no AI and this time it will be equal to of course based on assumption
to the energy spent is the absolute value of the temperature change.
Cursed by this alternative system onto the server.
And since this alternative system is now bringing it back from the previous temperature when we have
no AI to the upper bound of the optimal range of temperature well that energy spent is going to be equal
to the difference between the temperature when we have no AI.
And of course that up about the optimal range of temperature.
All right.
So I'm facing that here and here we go.
We have the energy spent by this alternative system when we have no AI.
And now of course we're going to update the temperature the temperature of the server when we have no
AI right after this alternative system spent its energy to regulate the temperature of the server.
And now it is of course well that upper bound of optimal range of temperature because indeed this alternative
system just brought it back down to the upper bound of this optimal range of temperature.